+++
title = "I am nowhere in life"
date = 2026-03-06T01:04:52+05:30
edit = 2026-03-06T18:27:52+05:30
+++

I have not reached anywhere in life, wtf.
I see people making money achieving their goals.
I haven't even started with my internal goals,
I have not started to settle my self down.
I am an JEE aspirant who can't even sit for 1-2 hrs and solve problems.
I wanted to be a rapper (hobbyist), I haven't even thought of any song.
I wanted to be an artist, I haven't drawn something since 9th grade ( when I had drawn some scribbles )
I have not gotten anywhere with my coding skills.
fuck
I haven't been able to get that drunk feeling out of my head.
I no longer have the common sense.
I have lost the ability to think like I used to.

Social media is a fucking distraction hole.
There are people online such as
- Aryan (@aryanlovesyouall on yt)
  A guy same age as mine making money comparable to my family members
- Dino James, Ikka
  Their songs writing is great.
  I don't know what to say about them, their songs are just great.
- Calkrammer (from _ap3xinitiative_)
  what the fuck man, why is he always travelling.
- NerdOnDesk (@nerdondesk on yt)
  This guy is one year older than me and dropping bombs daily,
  he studies 9-12 hours every single day for like idk what more than half a year.
  I am no where near his level
  and I am supposed to compete with him
- Julian Petroulas

I know all of the poeple I just mentioned are in their "up" phase where they are making growth
and I am just comparing my moderate version to their best and some of the guys I just mentioned
have years of experience but these are the guys I admire, so I wanted to tell my future self about them.

Ok, This is it then it's all part of life.
I just to need to stablize my mind and starting taking the items off the shelf one by one, brick by brick.

Okay enough I just need a plan to follow.
Top priority
1. Boards
2. JEE prep
3. Kindness
Mid Priority
1. coding
Low Priority
- Song writing
- drawing
- photography
- maybe electrical engineering

Edit (at 18:27) starts here<br>
I should start caring for the things I like,<br>
I left my favourite paper board which I have been using for more than 7 years in the school for a fucking exam.<br>
I don't know where are my pens and which pens have I bought or about any stationary where it is when I bought it<br>
and the lot of other things I have in life which I don't care IDK why. (even Heartbeat)<br>
I am thinking I should call my teacher and ask if there is a place in school where they keep lost and find stuff.<br>
and get back that exam board.<br>
It has seen through a lot of my life<br>
my stupidity<br>
my drunken state <br>
my gain of knowledge<br>
my rise to the top of the class<br>
my inevitable downfall<br>
my loss of self.<br>

