+++
title = "A review on my 2023"
date = "2023-01-01"
+++

This is a look back for me over the past year 2023.
I've kept things short and in points here because writing the reasons behind some decisions will require another blog. I don't want to include that in the year's review.

### My top 4 good decisions this year
- Making a good assumption that no one stays the same
- Learn about cyber security
- Learn about DevOps
- Redesign this site.

### My top 5 mistakes this year
- Using social media such as instagram for longer durations
- Wasting my time over useless applications rather than doing trips or making friends
- Dropping CS50 course in mid
- Stopped learning new things (maybe because boards)
- Stopped journalling

## Language Review
These are all the programming languages I have tried over time and made some use.

### Shell
- I wonder why I haven't used it until now.
- A good replacement for Python (not fully but in some cases).
- Easy to read, hard to write.
- Well-suited for system task automation and string processing.

### Python
- Shell Scripting can some times be better than using Python.
- Slow but reliable.
- I am going to use it for easy prototyping.
- Also if I got my interest in Machine Learning.
- Usefull

### Perl
- I learned this language just for text manipulation.
- Great if you want to get started
- Could be an alternative to shell

### C
- This was in CS50 so I had to do it
- Learned about how systems work but was also confused alot
- I may not use it in 2024 unless I pick CS50 again

### JavaScript
- I don't understand it fully and might switch to typescript

## Tools
### Neovim
- Best thing
- I will use it from now onwards to write journal

### Emacs
- I love neovim but I can't stop using emacs

### DWM + ST
- I wanted to use hyprland but it seems wayland isn't stable yet and X11 is stable af it's been a long time since I compiled it.

### tmux
- Even though I use tiling window manager I love tmux it provides features dwm won't

### MaGit
- Do u want me to write something here? Obviously I use git for my vcs and magit provides the best interface and magit is in emacs so it helps a lot.

### Others
- dmenu (why not)
- pass (great password management and storing tool)

## Some of my thoughts this year
No particular order.

- Sleep is really important.
- Sugar and caffeine affect mood.
- You should get into nature often.
- None of the friends stick always.
- Always make new friends
- You should read more books (books > videos)

## Some of my Goals for 2024
- Learn more about astronomy, physics and make use of my programming in astronomy
- Become a better programming; learning new things
- Learn about reverse engineering
- Deep dive into cyber security
- Take commitments more seriously in 2024.
- Contribute to open source projects.
- Make my parents proud.
- Learn Japanese (or any other new language).


And that's a wrap. Thanks for sticking with me until now. There are also certain things on my mind, but hey, life is a journey.
